people come hungry on Super Bowl Sunday
so I'm Sean Rosie how to whip up some
fun snacks perfect for the big game now
Rosie or 90 million people watch the
game last year that means over 90
million people were snacking so we're
gonna show you how to make some fun easy
thing excellent are these your own ideas
combination do you have my own ideas and
then I had a little help from a good
team I do this every year so I mean it's
a compilation a big party at your house
um depends depends who's playing
sometimes if it's I'm really close to
the team I like to watch it with just a
small group this is something though
here are some rules for super bowl food
has to be a lot of it has to be good and
it has to be easy you do not want to be
the person in the kitchen while the game
is going on that's not fun so this is
your typical seven layer mexican dip
okay so you've got like the beans the
cheese the guacamole the salsa and you
do the lettuce what i would add into it
was you get your sour cream instead of
doing the dollops here you do this
squeeze the football mines eclipse like
I love this long I love the zip lock no
good way to set up the table could you
run thank you guys I've done this before
you have instead of doing a tablecloth
just go to your local hardware store and
you can get astroturf okay but it the
size your table you get masking tape and
do out the lines if you get a little
creative you can actually do the 50 yard
line and you can get copy the NFL logo
you know laminate it and throw it on the
table I love that you're so crafty
nobody has known this for nine years
you're gonna show all right keep Fallon
okay so then you can go to these salami
companies actually make salami and
sausage to look like a football salami
allow ski sausage company you couldn't
order this it looks I mean when I saw
this I thought guys would love this
stuff and also sausage is autonomous
company you can take a bite of it you
serve it with cheese they actually make
cheese that looks like a football guys
love this stuff they'll be hooking the
sausage around the room and the salami
it's great if you order it by Friday
they can get it to you by the super bowl
I'm a big fan of ordering things too
because you don't want to have to make
everything you want to actually enjoy
the super bowl sunday and be relaxed
jello I really love jello kids love
jello so this is a fun thing that we can
do you take some cool whip cool whip
okay you let it get another zip lock bag
you make your green jello let it cool
and then all you have to do is you're
gonna make some lines down the football
field okay so you can help me do that
there's always room for jello there's
always room for jello now as hard as
well wow that
cousin right is going to tell you not
that I'm an expert on cool whip but I
knew the consistency of cool whip is not
really good for ziplock to use whipped
cream and hot it's good dog no you know
what this is not cool whip this is icing
sure this is icing is it really
honestly this is icing which is why it
didn't work not cool with the spice
thing I should use collapse I'll try
that what you do anyway you might never
make the lines like this thanks Rosie
all right there you go good teamwork
okay there we go you add on your players
football men where do you get these with
party still pretty sore your kids
probably have a mine around the house
he's sticking the goalpost you're good
they love it they have a good time now
on to the adults who also want to have a
good time either you put in the jello
orange jell-o into egg molds you let it
cool you take it out and then you make
the lines again with the frosting on
here like a football and use our actual
jello shots so guess what win or lose it
doesn't matter because you're gonna have
a contender two gentlemen you can eat
this whole thing and there's more vodka
jello and vodka in this oh wow Elizabeth
potatoes Martha I can have that then
doesn't matter of a window wins or loses
it's great now who's the next condition
okay you can also go to score here calm
and they'll mail you your team helmet so
sku right here score here doc okay you
get the Indianapolis Colts and you got
the Chicago Bears you flip them over and
you make Super Bowl Super Sunday so you
scoop your ice cream okay and they've
used coordinating jimmies or sprinkles
that go with your team so here I'm doing
the Chicago Bear someone use some orange
sprinkles and you can get you the
cherries the nuts you had everything on
top and you can only use your team
colors it's a great way to get some
rivalry going get the whip cream hook me
up hook me up hook me up nice and then
you do a little cherry on top and you're
good everybody has a good time and
everybody gets to leave with the favor
on the helmet
if you want to be I get something very
you know indigenous to the city of your
team actually big word that is that is
it's good it's a big day popcorn indiana
indianapolis colts fan loves this stuff
they can actually mail you the bags to
your house if you order by friday where
you can actually make your own you go to
their website if you don't want to have
them mailed they teach you recipes to
make and you can make your own here's a
big paper bag what can you make you got
we're gonna make some kettle corn from
popcorn indiana you throw the popcorn in
what's up going in here chow mein
noodles chow mein peanuts this is like
trail mix for popcorn destiny oil sesame
oil gushed abaayo it's not healthy it's
its heart one um you do some spices in
there i think that's a little ginger
and you throw it and you get these
stadium bags at your local party store
take them out to everybody when they
walk in they feel like they're ready to
begin now great popcorns good now for
Chicago fans nobody cardio workout just
so you know no one appreciates deep-dish
piece of more than Chicago Bears fans
okay so you can actually get Lou
Malnati's pizza delivered to your house
and they will know that you are a true
true fan its deep-dish pizza comes
frozen you put it in the oven that day
you're good to go and then this is
something I like to do come on over up
no we're doing it this jumping right
there this is fantastic oh yeah get a
Polaroid camera
websites custom cut out Stockholm does
these take some photos people leave with
them they have a good time for more
information on any of this stuff you can
log on to our website to make sure you
all have a super super bowl sunday
you're all going home with popcorn for
popcorn indiana and pizza from lou
manatis